hi everyone and Beverly one right on
today's pick a puppy we're meeting with
a dire family they have seven children
and three of them have autism the dyers
are looking for a service dog for their
son David now Randy and Karen are
considering three briefs today the
standard poodle doodle and calling so
let's see which one of these puppies are
the right fit for David and his family
boy the dire family I'm Randy is my life
caring we have seven children aging from
13 to three years old three hypotheses
it was very overwhelming for me
personally and I mean I thought that we
had these children who were perfectly
normal they were healthy we they're
bored and suddenly we were told that
they had seriously neurological
disorders it's not our job to decide the
potential of any more children the
potentials already in our job is to it
to help discover it and enjoyed it
caring and ready thank you so much for
inviting me to your home tell me a
little bit about you
kids will get about what kind of puppies
are looking for well we will need a
puppy for David David is a
seven-year-old boy and he's living with
autism and his biggest issues are
transition so he has troubles
transitioning from event to event or
complaints to place and the dog would
help him socially it would help keep you
calm it would be non-judgmental and it
would help him be consistent and helping
move consistently from event to event
now you have a job we do we have a
goldendoodle who's currently working
with Gracie as a service dog so they'll
be going to school there in the fall we
have another dog Cooper he's a golden
retriever and he's going to be in the
program as well and then we have a
grumpy black dog tag who's just grumpy
and so when you're looking for the
perfect puppy for data is there any
breather you're looking at in particular
and is there a different breed that you
look at we're looking at Standard Poodle
little golden golden doodle and call it
ok that's a new one yeah we have a lot
of low quality and the communities you
talk to the breeders and get some
history we understand that all these
freighters have dogs that are service
dogs at some level training or in the
field so obviously colleagues I think
that
the educational so we're really hoping
that David in a puppy are going to
connect and that we can just build on
that friendship well we wish you the
best of luck dating are you excited
about looking for a puppy yes all right
well we're going to let you guys go up
and do that now I'm going to check in
with you later on we'll see what
happened looks great first off the dyers
will be visiting Diana Peter of canto of
Standard Poodles to look at their latest
order the standard poodles are believed
to have originated in Germany and our
retrievers they are the smartest dogs
and easy to train and eager to please
typical standard poodle personality is a
dog that loves everyone they're up for
anything they'll do whatever you want to
do want to attach the channel they'll be
a couch potato you want to go skiing
there right beside you hello welcome to
kanto thank you nice to meet you Oh
somebody's lamb up and not yours I would
you guys like to come in and we'll get
organized so happy when we were new to
breeding Standard Poodles and we were
looking for families to take her puppies
we found that there were raising
families out there with special needs
how can we help you I look at your
website we're pretty excited about
looking at pools are one Dodgers just
finished being a certified in service
dog is a golden too yeah what kind of
temperament would best suit David my
pardon me look you are Bob they want a
dog to go to the community with David
from one of it to another we want to
calm puppy we want a copy that wants all
of David's affects you I can accept all
of David's affection David is a very
loving
and he gets very focused so we're hoping
that the dog is going to help round out
his personality not much more okay so
you want a cuddly puppy yeah as if your
help to get back for snacks first this
is just an adult to give you a sense of
where the temperament is now obviously
hasn't met any of you before but he's
happy to greet everybody he is hi oh you
saw he's bigger than life hottie of the
dream and how old is max max is for
picking a puppy is allowing the puppy to
pick you and we really like the people
to sit down on the floor and left two or
three puppies interact with them and
invariably one or one of them will climb
up on the lap and just say you're mine
oh look at these guys look at these guys
look at these little puppy yay that's
not a name its arm sit down David
these are the seventies or seven weeks
old this is the boys like that's the
same number five oh yeah another flies
on his collar they're pretty partially
kids David what's your favorite puppy
from here what are you gonna do oh yeah
I think usually see the canal with the
number five I think so too and that's
really important if he's going to work
with David's and if he's going to be
something that's going to comfort David
but he's having difficulty transitioning
David have that relationship with the
song i think it was definitely there and
that's very important in our situation
and you have to bond do you want them
well thank you very much there anywhere
on the green side your puppies are
beautiful
I can see why everybody has fall in love
with these dogs so cute and i love the
curly hair
oh you